Oh
smell you later
hold on guys
good work guys once we had our evidence
together we were going to bring it to
officer Shirley and get him busted what
has it turned out the little creep
wasn't himself was dead
speaking of busted look what the tide
dragged in
Julia you just wait until your real
father hears about this
a big deal you'd already packed me off
to military school remember I just have
to run away again Eric you're obviously
a smart kid but you're not gonna get
anywhere with that attitude mister hey
listen Eric you're a pretty good skater
too if you get rid of that chip on your
shoulder maybe you could find some kids
your own age to hang with maybe you're
right building my own friend certainly
didn't seem to work I'll tell you what
I'll make an effort to be more likable
and if I'm not on ten years detention I
might see you next summer okay